

 Johannesburg: IPL Commissioner Lalit Modi said the focus was on delivering the second edition of the DLF-IPL tournament as a world class event, now that South Africa had been confirmed as the off-shore venue.

"We have a lot of hard work before the first match starts on April 18, but with CSA's help we will deliver a world-class event,” he told reporters on Tuesday. "We would like to thank Cricket South Africa very much for the support they have given us over the past few days, which has helped us to come to this decision.” 

Modi said it was important that fans back home in India could watch exciting cricket.  “There will be a lot of people disappointed that the tournament will not be taking place in India but being in South Africa it will allow fans to watch games live on TV screens in India.”

The IPL Commissioner said two factors weighed heavily when the decision was made to host the event in South Africa. “The South African public loves T20 cricket and CSA successfully hosted the inaugural ICC World T20,” he said. “Both these factors weighed heavily in South Africa's favour, and we look forward to a successful and exciting tournament being held at venues throughout South Africa." 

He also said the economy of the rainbow nation would benefit from DLF-IPL. "At any given point of time, we have 10,000 people working on this tournament. We will be occupying 30,000 hotel rooms and booking 10,000 airline tickets during the tournament. Irrespective of the cost, we are happy to go forward because cricket is very important for us and all our club owners are with us,” Modi said.

Cricket South Africa Chief Executive Gerald Majola said he confident that the IPL's second season would prove a success. "This is a great compliment to both CSA and our nation to be shown this confidence in our ability to hold one of the world's top sporting events at short notice. The organisers can be assured they have CSA’s full support and the South African public to stage a successful tournament.” 

Majola also referred to the role of cricket in strengthening the bond between the two nations. “This event will strengthen the ties even further between South African and Indian cricket as well as binding our nations closer. We are looking forward to hosting some of the world's best cricketers, and we can assure them they will be provided with the very best facilities to show their skills." 

Indeed, few can wait for the first delivery to be bowled in DLF-IPL II.
