Wednesday 25, March 2009 

 
Mumbai: Leading sports broadcaster - Multi Screen Media & the World Sport Group have signed on as the Official Broadcast Partner for the DLF Indian Premier League. The deal gives Multi Screen Media the exclusive audio visual rights to all the 59 matches of Season II due to start on April 18th in South Africa. The Media Broadcast Rights deal is now worth Rs. 8200 crore and is valid for the next nine years through to 2017 for the DLF Indian Premier League.

Lalit Modi, Chairman and Commissioner, DLF Indian Premier League said, "We are absolutely delighted with the new deal inked today with WSG and Multi Screen Media, we have what we believe to be the best deal for the DLF Indian Premier League and Indian cricket fans alike. I am certain that Multi Screen Media will pull out all the stops in ensuring that the best technology is utilized to deliver excellent content that is creative, innovative and enriching for the cricket fans in India and indeed across the globe."

Manjit Singh, CEO Multi Screen Media said, "This acquisition of the Media Broadcast Rights for another 9 years reaffirms our commitment to the Indian sub-continent and the global cricket fan alike. We are absolutely delighted to bring the exciting IPL line-up of Indian and international cricketers to the millions of cricket fans globally. At
Multi Screen Media & World Sport Group we have done some pioneering work in showcasing cricket in an entertaining and informative way and we will continue to innovate and extend the excitement of cricket through the IPL. We look forward to a long and successful association with the IPL as the leagues Global Media Rights Partner."

Venu Nair, CEO, World Sports Group said, "Our base objective with the IPL franchise was to place Indian Cricket on the global sports calendar. A task, that we have managed with great distinction. Today fans across the world are looking forward to the start of Season II of the DLF Indian Premier League and we are happy to partner with Multi Screen Media to bring the DLF Indian Premier League to a global audience."

The DLF Indian Premier League will now work closely with Cricket South Africa to ensure that all the necessary logistics and technicalities are completed well in time before the league kicks-off on April 18th 2009. Season II of the DLF Indian Premier League which will now be played in South Africa over 36 days and will showcase a grand total of 59 matches providing broadcasters and in-stadia spectators with 177 hours of live "family entertainment", which will also be viewed by a significant international audience. All matches will be during 4 pm IST and at 8 pm IST in the evening to coincide with prime time for television audiences in India.


For further enquires:

Percy Dubash /  Jitendra Jha
Adfactors PR Pvt Ltd.
M-91-98202 21792  / +91 99208 29216 

