Thursday 26, March 2009 

 
Napier: Mumbai Indians’ star off-spinner Harbhajan Singh has indicated that it would be better for everyone to start focussing on the fact the DLF-IPL tournament 2009 would be held in South Africa rather than harp about how it would not be the same as playing before the large fan base at home in India. 

“Since the tournament is now scheduled for South Africa, we need to start thinking of playing there rather than saying it should have been in India or whatever,” he told iplt20.com a couple of days before India’s second Test match against New Zealand in Napier.

He recalled that he had performed well in the ICC World T20 2007 in South Africa. “The conditions are obviously different to India. In the T20 format, you just have to go with the flow.  You just have to make sure that you bowl according to the situation and you have to be smarter than the others. That's what you can do,” he said.

The off-spinner believed that the strong South African element in the side could help Mumbai Indians in the tournament. “It’s always nice to have players from the home country. And JP Duminy has been scoring a lot of runs for South Africa,” he said. “Shaun Pollock and Jonty Rhodes have played for South Africa fo a number of years and I am sure they can help us with their ideas on the conditions and team combination we should be playing, the ideal field-setting for these grounds.”

His face lit up when he spoke of the prospect of Sachin Tendulkar playing the full tournament this year. “He is a great player and he will bring a lot of strength to the team and lot of courage to the youngsters. He is a role model for all of us. It would be great to have him for the full season,” Harbhajan Singh said of the man who missed the early part of last season due to injury.

He was unaware of the development in the Kolkata Knight Riders which has decided to have a pool of captains this season but he did express the confidence that if he were named to lead the team again, he would do his best to improve his record as captain. “I hate losing and unfortunately the team couldn't win any game under my captaincy. But cricket is such a game where ten others are involved. The team has to click together for it to win games. If I get a chance, I will try my best to win a few games under my captaincy,”  he said.

