Thursday 26, March 2009 

 
Napier: The news about the Kolkata Knight Riders coach John Buchanan announcing a change in the guard at the top for this year’s DLF-IPL tournament has met with mixed reactions back home in India.  Sourav Ganguly being dethroned a sole captain has not gone down well with some, with some writing the epitaph of the man who was once the king of India.

But here in New Zealand, there is an air of expectation about this move. Wondering why? Well, because one of their own is getting ready to be primed for the job. Yes, that's right New Zealand's star wicket-keeper batsman Brendon McCullum is also part of the four-man short-list announced by Buchanan who are to take over during the course of the tournament.

Ask McCullum about it and he can only smile about the whole thing.

“You know I have not been told anything about it by anyone. I have been reading about it more than hearing anything officially,” he smiles McCullum when you congratulate him. Buchanan rates McCullum highly and has listed him alongside Ganguly, Brad Hodge and Chris Gayle to lead Kolkata Knight Riders.

McCullum is however is surprised by the whole move. 

Last year's IPL was all about McCullum's breathtaking innings which launched the Twenty20 event into orbit. McCullum's innings in the IPL opener set the ball rolling for the cash-rich league and from thereon there was nothing stopping the event.

Now, tell him about Ganguly’s misgivings on the four captain theory and he listens. Ganguly has feared that tomorrow he could go out for toss, Hodge sets the field and McCullum makes bowling changes. The New Zealand wicket-keeper laughs at the prospect but says he is ready for the challenge at any given time. “I think Chris will be available only for one and half weeks. So it will probably be between Hodgy and me,” he reasoned.

Relaxing after a good first day for the New Zealand in the second Test at Napier's McLean Park, McCullum is clear about one thing, if he gets the job. “If I do get the job and don't make the semi-finals, I will ask to be sacked,” he said.

What would happen if he returned after a successful DLF-IPL event? Would it lead to New Zealand skipper Daniel Vettori being nudged for the top job? “No way man,” says McCullum, “Dan is doing a great job here.'' 

