

Tuesday 24, March 2009 

 
Mumbai: BCCI announced that South Africa has been chosen as the official host venue for Season II of the DLF Indian Premier league. The Indian Premier league will now kick-off on April 18th in South Africa with the final to be played on May 24th 2009. The IPL also announced that a final schedule for the 59 matches and the host venues for the eight franchises will also be announced shortly. 

N. Srinivasan, Honorary Secretary, Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) said, "The BCCI and the Indian Premier league wish to thank both the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) and Cricket South Africa (CSA) for their generous offers to host Season II of the DLF Indian Premier league. A lot of factors were considered by us while evaluating the final choice for the host venue. However, in the final analysis I think it was the South African weather, which prevailed and tilted the balance in favour of the Rainbow Nation. I would like to once again reaffirm the IPL’s commitment to its loyal fans stating that matches will be broadcast in India at 4 pm and 8 pm as promised.” The DLF Indian Premier league will now work closely with Cricket South Africa to ensure that all the necessary logistics and technicalities are completed well in time before the league kicks-off on April 18th 2009.

Season II of the DLF Indian Premier league will feature the eight Franchises doing battle over 36 days in South Africa and each franchise will continue to play on a home and away basis with 7 matches at home.. The top 4 Franchises in the league will contest the semi-finals and the victorious semi-finalists will meet in the Grand Final all over one weekend. The league will showcase a grand total of 59 matches providing broadcasters and in-stadia spectators with 177 hours of live "family entertainment", which will also be viewed by a significant international audience. All matches will be at 4 pm and 8 pm IST to coincide with prime time for television audiences in India . 

For further information please visit the official IPL website at www.IPLT20.com. 
 
N Srinivasan
Hon. Secretary
BCCI 

