Tuesday 24, March 2009 

 
New Delhi: The DLF-IPL was a trend-setter in its opening season last year and well before a ball has been bowled in the second edition this year, it has established itself as a path-breaking entity. The decision to have the tournament played in South Africa means that it becomes the first domestic sporting event to be staged overseas. 

For some years now, we have had teams from NBA and EPL prospect Asia, if not India, with the hope of having some of their games being played in these areas. DLF-IPL has moved ahead in becoming the first sporting entity from India to find off-shore venues, while ensuring that the event is held on schedule. 

DLF-IPL has established itself as a pioneer in the world of sport, springing into action and ensuring that uncertainty was dealt with quite quickly, allowing the cricket fraternity the necessary time and space to get used to the idea of off-shore venues for the single biggest sporting extravaganza in India’s annual calendar. 

South Africa will be an apt venue, not just because Cricket South Africa and the Government welcomed DLF-IPL with open arms but also because Durban and Johannesburg introduced India to the magnetic charm of T20 cricket during an amazing ICC World T20 2007. There is a sizable population of Indian origin that can lend a sub-continental flavour, too. 

From the perspective of the DLF-IPL fans in India, while they will be disappointed that the event could not be held in India, the good thing is that will not be denied their share of televised entertainment for the six weeks that the tournament is slated to be played. They have the opportunity to back their favourite teams when the tournament is held at off-shore venues. 

Indeed, last year, the DLF-IPL tournament emerged as a more grand spectacle than most people had envisaged. It was the platform on which a hitherto unknown entity answering to the name of Dinesh Salunkhe to learn from Australian wizard Shane Warne and left-arm spinner Pragyan Ojha pick up tips from wicket-keeping legend Adam Gilchrist. 

There is no doubt that players, young and experienced, from each of the eight participating teams will continue to draw the best from the event, even if it has moved across the Indian Ocean. Yes, in more ways than one, DLF-IPL exemplified the spirit befitting wonderful adventurers who sought new frontiers. 

By G. Rajaraman 

